OPRUN-3767: Add OLMv1 Single/OwnNamespace EP (#1774)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/olm/olmv1-single-ownnamespace.md

   of the process is enforced by the linter CI job.

See ../README.md for background behind these instructions.

Start by filling out the header with the metadata for this enhancement. -->

# Single/OwnNamespace support for OLMv1

## Summary

The `Summary` section is important for producing high quality
user-focused documentation such as release notes or a development roadmap. It
should be possible to collect this information before implementation begins in
order to avoid requiring implementors to split their attention between writing
release notes and implementing the feature itself.

Your summary should be one paragraph long. More detail
should go into the following sections.

## Motivation

OLMv0 offered multiple install modes (AllNamespaces, MultiNamespace, SingleNamspace, OwnNamespace). These install modes are an implementation detail of OLMv0 support for multi-tenancy, to allow the installation of the same operator multiple times on the same cluster.

Because OLMv0 multi-tenancy features have been the source of a wide variety of problems, OLMv1 made a deliberate decision to not implement the same mechanisms.

> Today OLMv1 only supports operator bundles who chose the AllNamespaces installMode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today OLMv1 only supports operator bundles who support the AllNamespaces installMode.
```

However, customers are looking for SingleNamespace and OwnNamespace installmode. Here are some use cases for this:

- Due to isolation concerns, some operators prefer to not support AllNamespaces installMode
- Customers have existing OLM V0 operators which are support singleNamespace and OwnNamespace installmode

> This Brief outlines how OLMv1 can be compatible with OLMv0 Single- and OwnNamespace installModes, without re-introducing problematic multi-tenancy features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enhancement proposal outlines how OLMv1 can be compatible with OLMv0 Single- and OwnNamespace installModes, without re-introducing problematic multi-tenancy features.
```
